README.md, before:

# Odelle Nyse (ON) 
## Your Digital Twin for Self-Actualization

> *"I want to recalibrate and update my source code. I wanna update my system prompt."*

---

## The Pitch

**5 seconds**: "A digital twin that helps me become the best version of myself."

**10 seconds**: "Odelle is my digital twin — the clearest, wisest version of me — helping me optimize body, mind, and spirit through data-driven behavioral change."

**30 seconds**: "Odelle isn't an AI assistant. It's a digital twin — a reflection of my own potential that knows my goals, tracks my patterns, and holds me accountable to who I'm becoming. Combining voice journaling, CBT reframing, and protocol tracking across body/mind/spirit, it helps me understand myself, change my behavior, and become who I'm meant to be. Not through external motivation, but by reflecting my own wisdom back to me."

---

**Odelle Nyse** (pronounced "Oh-DELL NYE-see") is a voice-first digital twin designed to help you become the best version of yourself. The name spells **ON** — because we're turning you ON.

---

## 🎯 What is this?

A mobile app built around a core concept: **Your Digital Twin** — the clearest, wisest version of yourself, externalized.

Odelle knows:
- Your goals and where you want to go
- Your patterns — what you keep doing, what trips you up
- Your values and mantras
- Your protocols — the daily practices that move you forward

### The Trifecta Protocol

- **🏋️ BODY**: Gym, nutrition, sleep, physical optimization
- **🧠 MIND**: Focus, goals, cognitive sharpness, CBT reframing
- **🧘 SPIRIT**: Meditation, mantras, presence, Zen

### The Thesis

**Understand yourself → Change behavior → Become who you're meant to be**

Odelle builds a "psychograph" of you over time:
- Your patterns (what you keep doing)
- Your projections (who you're trying to become)
- Your blind spots (what you can't see)
- Your bridges (what connects current-you to future-you)

### Optional: Neuroplasticity Enhancement

For those exploring cognitive enhancement, the app can track microdosing protocols based on the landmark [Jiang et al. (2025)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2025.11.009) study in *Cell*, which found that psilocybin:
- **Weakens** cortico-cortical recurrent loops (Default Mode Network patterns)
- **Strengthens** inputs from perceptual/sensory regions
- Rewires the brain in an **activity-dependent** manner

> ⚠️ **Disclaimer**: This is a personal self-improvement tool. Psilocybin is a controlled substance in most jurisdictions. Consult healthcare professionals and understand local laws.

---

## 🏗 Tech Stack

- **Flutter** - Cross-platform mobile (iOS/Android)
- **Poly Backend** - Voice transcription & synthesis
- **Local Storage** - Private data sovereignty (your data stays yours)
- **Provider + BLoC** - State management

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Flutter 3.0+
- Xcode (for iOS)
- Android Studio (for Android)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repo**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Poly186-AI-DAO/odelle-nyse-app.git
   cd odelle-nyse-app
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. **Configure environment**
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env with your API keys
   ```

4. **Run the app**
   ```bash
   # iOS Simulator
   flutter run -d ios
   
   # Android Emulator
   flutter run -d android
   ```

---

## 📱 Features

### Note to Self (NTS)
Text-based reflection with your digital twin. Not a chatbot — a mirror that reflects your own wisdom back to you. Warm but direct, grounded in YOUR values and goals.

### Voice Journal (The "Kitchen Confessional")
Capture thoughts via voice while your hands are busy. Speak naturally and your thoughts are transcribed, saved, and integrated into your psychograph.

### Protocol Logging
Quick-tap buttons to log:
- 💪 Gym sessions
- 🥗 Meals & nutrition
- 💊 Supplement/protocol tracking
- 🧘 Meditation minutes
- 🎯 Deep work sessions

### Character Radar
Visualize your growth as an RPG character:
- **Strength** - from gym consistency
- **Intellect** - from focus/deep work
- **Spirit** - from meditation/mood
- **Sales** - from outreach activities

### Daily Mantras
- Paste your own mantras
- AI reads them aloud during peak plasticity
- CBT reframing prompts

---

## 📂 Project Structure

```
lib/
├── constants/          # Theme, strings, routes
├── models/             # Data models
│   ├── journal_entry.dart
│   ├── protocol_entry.dart
│   └── character_stats.dart
├── providers/          # State management
├── screens/            # UI screens
│   ├── dashboard_screen.dart
│   ├── voice_journal_screen.dart
│   └── protocol_log_screen.dart
├── services/           # API & local services
└── widgets/            # Reusable components
```

---

## 🎨 Brand Colors

```dart
// The ON Gradient (Sunrise/Activation)
onOrange: #FF8C42      // Energy
onPurple: #8200FF      // Wisdom  
onDarkPurple: #1A0524  // Depth
```

---

## 📖 Documentation

- [Whitepaper](docs/WHITEPAPER.md) - The full vision and science
- [Build Plan](docs/BUILD_PLAN.md) - Hour-by-hour development guide

---

## 🧾 Attribution

- Body icon - source pending for `assets/icons/body_powerlifting_icon.png`
- Mind icon - source pending for `assets/icons/mind_meditate_icon.png`

---

## 🔗 Part of Poly186 Ecosystem

Odelle Nyse is a vertical within the [Poly186](https://poly186.ai) ecosystem, focused on individual self-actualization as the foundation for global improvement.

> *"For global world improvement, there must first improve the self."*

---

## 📄 License

Private - Poly186 AI DAO

---

*Let's turn ON.* 🔥

Commit message:

feat: implement 5-pillar architecture (Soul, Bonds, Now, Health, Wealth)
- Rename screens: Body -> Health, Voice -> Now, Mind -> Soul
- Add new screens: Bonds, Wealth
- Update navigation to 5-pillar horizontal scroll
- Add models and database tables (v8) for Wealth and Bonds
- Update documentation and bump version to 1.7.0+15

README.md, after:

# Odelle Nyse (ON) 
## Your Digital Twin for Self-Actualization

> *"Your Soul Bonds Now with Health and Wealth"*

---

## The Pitch

**5 seconds**: "A digital twin that helps me become the best version of myself."

**10 seconds**: "Odelle is my digital twin — the clearest, wisest version of me — helping me optimize across all 5 pillars of human flourishing."

**30 seconds**: "Odelle isn't an AI assistant. It's a digital twin — a reflection of my own potential that knows my goals, tracks my patterns, and holds me accountable to who I'm becoming. Covering Soul, Bonds, Health, and Wealth, Odelle lives in the Now — the present moment where you interact with your digital self. It helps me understand myself, change my behavior, and become who I'm meant to be. Not through external motivation, but by reflecting my own wisdom back to me."

---

**Odelle Nyse** (pronounced "Oh-DELL NYE-see") is a voice-first digital twin designed to help you become the best version of yourself. The name spells **ON** — because we're turning you ON.

---

## 🎯 What is this?

A mobile app built around a core concept: **Your Digital Twin** — the clearest, wisest version of yourself, externalized.

Odelle knows:
- Your goals and where you want to go
- Your patterns — what you keep doing, what trips you up
- Your values and mantras
- Your protocols — the daily practices that move you forward

### The 5 Pillars

> *"Your Soul Bonds Now with Health and Wealth"*

| Pillar | Domain | Focus |
|--------|--------|-------|
| **🧘 Soul** | Wisdom | Identity, meditation, mantras, cosmic stats, self-reflection |
| **💜 Bonds** | Relationships | Contacts, interactions, connection, staying in touch |
| **🎙️ Now** | Presence | Odelle (your digital twin), voice journaling, AI conversation |
| **💪 Health** | Body | Meals, workouts, supplements, sleep, HealthKit integration |
| **💰 Wealth** | Finance | Bills, subscriptions, income, budgeting |

Odelle lives in the **Now** pillar — the present moment where you interact with your digital twin. It observes your Soul, Bonds, Health, and Wealth, then reflects wisdom back to you.

### The Thesis

**Understand yourself → Change behavior → Become who you're meant to be**

Odelle builds a "psychograph" of you over time:
- Your patterns (what you keep doing)
- Your projections (who you're trying to become)
- Your blind spots (what you can't see)
- Your bridges (what connects current-you to future-you)

### Optional: Neuroplasticity Enhancement

For those exploring cognitive enhancement, the app can track microdosing protocols based on the landmark [Jiang et al. (2025)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2025.11.009) study in *Cell*, which found that psilocybin:
- **Weakens** cortico-cortical recurrent loops (Default Mode Network patterns)
- **Strengthens** inputs from perceptual/sensory regions
- Rewires the brain in an **activity-dependent** manner

> ⚠️ **Disclaimer**: This is a personal self-improvement tool. Psilocybin is a controlled substance in most jurisdictions. Consult healthcare professionals and understand local laws.

---

## 🏗 Tech Stack

- **Flutter** - Cross-platform mobile (iOS/Android)
- **Poly Backend** - Voice transcription & synthesis
- **Local Storage** - Private data sovereignty (your data stays yours)
- **Provider + BLoC** - State management

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Flutter 3.0+
- Xcode (for iOS)
- Android Studio (for Android)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repo**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Poly186-AI-DAO/odelle-nyse-app.git
   cd odelle-nyse-app
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. **Configure environment**
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env with your API keys
   ```

4. **Run the app**
   ```bash
   # iOS Simulator
   flutter run -d ios
   
   # Android Emulator
   flutter run -d android
   ```

---

## 📱 Features

### Note to Self (NTS)
Text-based reflection with your digital twin. Not a chatbot — a mirror that reflects your own wisdom back to you. Warm but direct, grounded in YOUR values and goals.

### Voice Journal (The "Kitchen Confessional")
Capture thoughts via voice while your hands are busy. Speak naturally and your thoughts are transcribed, saved, and integrated into your psychograph.

### Protocol Logging
Quick-tap buttons to log:
- 💪 Gym sessions
- 🥗 Meals & nutrition
- 💊 Supplement/protocol tracking
- 🧘 Meditation minutes
- 🎯 Deep work sessions

### Character Radar
Visualize your growth as an RPG character:
- **Strength** - from gym consistency
- **Intellect** - from focus/deep work
- **Spirit** - from meditation/mood
- **Sales** - from outreach activities

### Daily Mantras
- Paste your own mantras
- AI reads them aloud during peak plasticity
- CBT reframing prompts

---

## 📂 Project Structure

```
lib/
├── constants/          # Theme, strings, routes
├── models/             # Data models
│   ├── journal_entry.dart
│   ├── protocol_entry.dart
│   └── character_stats.dart
├── providers/          # State management
├── screens/            # UI screens
│   ├── dashboard_screen.dart
│   ├── voice_journal_screen.dart
│   └── protocol_log_screen.dart
├── services/           # API & local services
└── widgets/            # Reusable components
```

---

## 🎨 Brand Colors

```dart
// The ON Gradient (Sunrise/Activation)
onOrange: #FF8C42      // Energy
onPurple: #8200FF      // Wisdom  
onDarkPurple: #1A0524  // Depth
```

---

## 📖 Documentation

- [Whitepaper](docs/WHITEPAPER.md) - The full vision and science
- [Build Plan](docs/BUILD_PLAN.md) - Hour-by-hour development guide

---

## 🧾 Attribution

- Body icon - source pending for `assets/icons/body_powerlifting_icon.png`
- Mind icon - source pending for `assets/icons/mind_meditate_icon.png`

---

## 🔗 Part of Poly186 Ecosystem

Odelle Nyse is a vertical within the [Poly186](https://poly186.ai) ecosystem, focused on individual self-actualization as the foundation for global improvement.

> *"For global world improvement, there must first improve the self."*

---

## 📄 License

Private - Poly186 AI DAO

---

*Let's turn ON.* 🔥
